Our controller class we're going to actually put in
the controller package that we have.
That's under com.pluralsight.conference/controller.
I'm going to right‑click and say New, Java Class.
And we'll call this AccountController.
I'm going to first annotate this as a @Controller.
Then inside of here,
I'm going to paste in the method signature that I already have created.
And that is a @GetMapping.
We'll import both of those.
And you can see here,
what it will do is there is a @GetMapping associated to the URL account.
And this is just going to return back the JSP or the signature of account,
which will have a view resolver that will return the account.jsp page.
Now, one thing we don't have in here yet, though, is the Account class.
So let's create that now.
We want to right‑click on our model and say New, Java Class.
We'll call this Account, and hit Enter.
We want to add our member variables inside of here.
And I'm going to add in the Java validation for these two,
actually, validate our inputs as we add them into our project.
Now, we're not going to do anything with the validation on here.
You could honestly omit this if you want to,
but I'm trying to show you all the pieces of this being a full‑fledged example.
So we have private String username.
And we can actually copy this and paste this because it's going to
be the same thing for firstName and lastName.
And then we're going to have the same for password and matchingPassword.
We'll actually just put a private String matchingPassword
that both of those will get sent into.
And then finally, we'll have the email.
Now there are a lot of different ways to do this,
and this is not a topic to cover in the Security class,
but rather the Spring MVC course that I have or some other resources that
I've made available through the Spring Fundamentals as well.
You can create your own annotations to do this stuff.
There's a bunch of different ways to apply some logic to
this for how your class gets validated.
But this will work for the example that we want.
The last step we want to do in here is generate our getters and setters.
So we'll, right‑click and say Generate, Getter and Setter.
We can choose all of those, and click OK.
Save this class.
If we go back to AccounttController, we can now import our Account class.
Now this will display our account page for us,
but we do have to do one thing to our security configuration.
So let's go back to our ConferenceSecurityConfig,
and we want to add a permitAll like we had for login for account.
We want everybody to be able to create the account.
So let's save that.
Everything is set up now to run our application.
We can fire it up and ask for the account page and it will display it.
We aren't doing anything with the POST yet,
but let's start this to see what it does.
Now inside of our application, if we navigate to account,
it will redirect us to our account page we've created.
If we fill out this information and hit Submit,
there is not a POST binding for it to go back to.
So it's not going to do anything just yet,
but we've got all the pieces set up for it to authenticate
the call and allow us to pass through as anonymous and
direct us to this controller, which will then return this JSP page. Let's add that @PostMapping on the back end now.